[Feat] Add gql examples (#65)
libremfg/rhize-docs: content/how-to/gql/examples.md

---
title: 'Examples: GQL in manufacturing'
categories: ["concepts"]
description: Examples of useful GraphQL operations to use to automate and investigate your manufacturing processes
weight: 300
menu:
  main:
    parent: how-to-query
    identifier:
---

<!--- For each operation, add 1-2 sentences of context explaining when its useful.
Ground this in real manufacturing problems
--->

This document provides examples of useful GraphQL operations that you can copy and paste.
For detailed guides to using Rhize's GraphQL API, read [Call the GraphQL API]({{< relref "call-the-graphql-api" >}}) and [Query, mutate, subscribe]({{< relref "query-mutate-subscribe" >}}).

## Queries

These examples show useful queries to return information about your manufacturing process.

> You can use them to build UIs or for investigation.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use them to build reporting interfaces, or for investigation.
```
